good time of the day with you 6 0 and we
do here by
no pms one we do here by r in
stage and artillery eighth level
German you are good artillery
damage ratio
the accuracy is also here there are downsides in that
it is slow in all aspects
heavy artillery want literally
unless it can be thrown off a cliff
Mouse on dusty E100 to anybody buckle
kill will even look like that
shoot from it because there are
splash and for 2017 I already had once
per unit
it's very sad okay let's go
map westfield start exploring stage like
corrected our five plants from ours
each of our well balanced and
start by entering number one on this error
0 0 to pi I crawl on 8 if on both 455
the ninth palace is from 5 st1
platoon lm m x 13 90 artillery objects
weighs 12 and a platoon of top of you're almost there
he is 25 tons platoon rivals top
tt platoon
we have it and sit and it happened
the radio operator is 26 authors hibachi is strong 25
tons also they have and a platoon of a 8 i
assets I want to say that this is bad
combination as they act in 1
category 1 in the bushes one in the field left mx
class 90 also want to say bad
combination one in the field one roughly speaking
suck him begin
I occupy a little hill to the left of you
see for yourself begin to rise let's
slightly accelerate to increase
efficiency let us replace and
so glows on the line d3
c2 shone down there right there if
when t come down for a very long time to sit like that
This artillery is very long and therefore
walks wait here is lit t30
we make room and now 882 flies in
You can see the top result
it comes down there moved
accordingly we are reduced there on
Just in case, no matter how useful and
recession teller boil down here pimp
copper is charging t 30 says it will finish
he makes a volley meme here i'm charging
I will finish the parable with him and make a salvo
destroy match 30 destroy
we are reduced to the same place see 1081
street 7 and 729 have a tight is a 7 now
let's make a free camera
and watch
the action of these forests of the seventh isa
accordingly st-1 is also here
there are 700 484
it probably already here kill vaults
make the hall a little slow down run
of notice
the projectile flew right into the back housing in
stern tank tying back camera
we are well or maybe roughly speaking is a
7 on 729 hepe because we could
apply him and, respectively, and 500 and
600 Well, no, 700 for this you need well
aim to make a rear volley
tank and therefore destroy them is
a 8 I did not have time to catch the mystery of their ears
for a very long time I have been making a volley from the seventh
all the stuff but he anticipating it
goes back as luck would have it
scold him but that’s not the point
to the boy he starts bending down is a 8
finishes isa 7 finishes isa 8
Well, he did glow Jagdtigr 9
left good fri-shka here and dare mine
state co-ordinate and I say filiaev 940 hundred 523
hp I take on my already 2103 4
damage is not considered inviz on t 30
whom when he disappeared from the light we
move to the bridge
let's accelerate again here we agree
On the pilot I was collecting platoon I
I shoot at him now I'm being shot
but he doesn't understand it I do a volley and
he at this moment shoots I scare sit down
212 slaughter think well kill my sword
sovzvodny do salvo and he him
accordingly kills i understand what it is
not mine he already has three frags and I have
three frags enjoy saying a game want
kill him
the young man has time and here and here already patience
ends remains they have two ah you
somewhere here I see the track bring it here
I think first finish it 90 I can already see
100 hp shooting the entrance to the very and the shell
Exactly comes there thanks for the fight and here
we rolled the fight one fight on the map to court
in battle with batchatilyon 155
for south 83 what can I say about this
good cart
just because of the ratio of home guy
Accuracy is nothing here I see
is it if you started want german
vundervaflya here such here get ready
to sadomasochism
it's very hard to see it good
artillery is most likely from the left
punks are the only one catching everything
accuracy is speed is damage on
your level
acceptable tolerable good sound it
something is a barn which is nowhere
past nowhere hide any bush
will be small so I ride without
grids because 2gis very often she
only works to stand still in
within 5 seconds after 5 seconds she
turn on not worth it I wanted for skir
to compensate for this
accordingly as you see i have two
peak versus here's 206 first or
let's batch too in this type
pumped
I pumped for often 55
gaming stage I am for free experience well
ride every artillery of each
Accordingly, next year will be like
you understand poachite Leon 155 but it
when will it be soon wait
Thank you for your attention bend random